[DASH-79] Add protected fields styling description to the documentation (#18)
PayMeService/JS-API: Readme.md

...
```

#### Field Creation Options

> `.create(field, options)` method accepts an optional second argument `options` which is helpful in case you want customize the field created with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.create(field, options)` method accepts an optional second argument `options` which is helpful in case you want to customize the field created with it.
```

```
var cardNumberFieldOptions = {
    placeholder: 'Enter your Credit Card Number',
    messages: {
        required: 'The Credit Card Number is Required!',
        invalid: 'Bad Credit Card Number'
    },
    styles: ... // see below
};
var cardNumber = fields.create('cardNumber', cardNumberFieldOptions);
```

> The properties available for customization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available properties for customization:
```

Property        | Description
----------------| -------------
`placeholder`   | Placeholder text for empty field

> `messages`      | Validation messages object, can have properties `required` and `invalid` (see [Field Event Object](#field-event-object) and [Examples page](https://paymeservice.github.io/payme-jsapi/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`messages`      | Validation messages object, can have `required` and `invalid` properties (see [Field Event Object](#field-event-object) and [Examples page](https://paymeservice.github.io/payme-jsapi/))
```

`styles`        | CSS properties for "protected" fields (see [Field Styling](#field-styling))

#### Field Styling

> Because the "protected" field are protected you can use only limited CSS properties and selectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the "protected" fields are protected, you can use only limited CSS properties and selectors:
```

> White listed CSS properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whitelisted CSS properties:
```

- `color`
- `font-size`
- `text-align`
- `letter-spacing`
- `text-decoration`
- `text-shadow`
- `text-transform`

> White listed CSS rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whitelisted CSS rules:
```

- `::placeholder`

Allowed properties and selectors are organized into three groups within field creation configuration options.

```
var cardNumberFieldOptions = {
	placeholder: 'Enter your Credit Card Number',

	// ...
	
	styles: {
	  base: {
		'color': '#000000',
		'::placeholder': {
			color: '#F2F2F2'
		}
	  },
	  invalid: {
		'color': 'red'
	  },
	  valid: {
		'color': 'green'
	  }
	}
};
```

> Each group represents the state of the protected field like a CSS class. And you can imagine it as following CSS code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each group represents the state of the protected field like a CSS class. For example:
```

```
/* base styles would be applied as a default style */
input.credit-card .base {
	color: #000000;
	font-size: 16px;
	text-align: center;
	letter-spacing: .25em;
	text-decoration: underline;
	text-shadow: 1px 1px 2px black, 0 0 1em red;
	text-transform: uppercase;
}

input.credit-card ::placeholder {
	color: gray;
}

/* .invalid styles would be applied on top of the .base when field validation fails */
input.credit-card .base .invalid {
	color: red;
}

/* .valid styles would be applied on top of the .base when the field became valid */
input.credit-card .base .valid {
	color: green;
}
```

> **Note**
>
> This information is related only to "protected" fields, which were created with [Hosted Fields Integration manager](#hosted-fields-integration-type) via .create(...) and .mount(...) call.
> 

> > In case you are going to use your own markup/widget/etc. for additional fields (First name, Last name, Email, Phone number, Social ID) then you are free to use any CSS code to style them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In case you are going to use your own markup/widget/etc for any additional fields (first name, last name, email, phone number, social ID) then you are free to use any CSS code to style them.
```
